1. sudo apt-get install apache2
	create a html page name index.html in directory 
	/var/www/html/
	
	index.html
	<html>
	<title> just checking apache</title>
	<head>
	<body>
	sharique masood
	</body>
	</head>
	</html>
	Now open browser type http://localhost:80 or http://127.0.0.1/ and hit enter

2. sudo apt-get install nginx
3. The put method completely replace whatever currently exist on tearget URL with something else.
   with this method you can create a new resouce or overwrite the existing one.
	eg. 
		PUT /forums/<new_thread> HTTP/2.0
		Host: https://tothenew.com/

    The HTTP POST method is used to send user-generated data to the web server. For example,
    POST method is used when a user comments on a forum or if they upload a profile picture.
	eg.
		POST /forums HTTP/2.0
		Host: https://tothenew.com/

4. Steps:
	1. we try to connect with a website secured wtith ssl. The browser request that the webserver identify itself.
	2. The webserver sends the browser a copy of its ssl
	certificate
	3. The browser checks to see whether or not it truts the ssl certificate .If so , it send a message to the webserver.				
        4. The webserver sends back a digitally signed acknowledge to start ssl encryption session.

5. 1. Apache is web server only while nginx is web and proxy server both.
   2. Apache thread can handle ony one connection while nginx thread handle multiple connection.
   3. Apache does not handle heavy web traffic while nginx can handle heavy web traffic.
   4. Apache works on multithreading approach while Nginx works on event driven model.
   5. Nginx is faster than Apache.

6. with the help of Virtual Host we can run more than one web site on a single server(such as company1.example.com and 
company2.example.com). Virtual hosts can be "IP-based", meaning that you have a different IP address for every web site.

7. The Document root defines where is your wenbsite pages resides.

8. 1.The SOAP (simple object access protocol) is an XML-based messaging protocol for information exchange amoung computers. 
	while REST (Representational State Transfer) is a Architecture based web service in which everything is resource.
   2. SOAP can only work with XML format while REST works with different data format such as Plain text, HTML, XML, JSON, etc.
   3. SOAP require more bandwidth for its uses while REST does not need much bandwidth when
       requests are sent to the server.
   4. SOAP can not make use of REST while REST cam make use of SOAP because REST is an architecture
       SOAP is an protocol.
   5. REST can cache lot of request but SOAP dont.

9. HTTP STATUS CODE
	(Successfull)
	200: (OK). It means, simply, that the request was received and understood and is being processed.

	(Redirectional)
	300: (Multiple Choices). It indicates that a resource has moved. The responce will also include a list of location 
	from which user can select.
	301: (Moved Permanently). It tells that the resouce is permanenty moved to a new location. the responce will also 
	include the latest location.
	302: (Found). It tell that the resource is temporary moves to a new location. The responce will also tell the latest
	location . and it also say you can carry with the old location.
	304: (Not Modified). It is sent in response to a request (for a document) that asked for the document only. If there 
	is a   change in document then it relode the document else just reloade the document from cache.

	307: (Temporary Redirect). It indicates that is sent when a document is temporarily available at a different URL, 
	while is also returned.

	(Client Error)
	400: (Bad Request). It indicates that the server did not understand the request due to bad syntax.
	401: (Unauthorized). It indicates that before a resource can be accessed, the client must be authorised by the server.
	403: (Forbidden). It indicates that the client cannot access the requested resource.
	
	404: (Not Found). It indicates that the requested resource was not found at the URL given.
	
	(Server Error)
	500: (internel Server Error). It indicates that the server encountered something it didn't expect and was unable to 
	complete the request.
	503: (Service Unavailable). It indicates that the server was unable to complete the request due to a server overload.
	550: (HTTP Version Not Supported). It indicated in the request is no supported. The response should indicate which HTTP 
	versions are supported.









